Docs: READMEs for component framework integrations (#2880)
withastro/astro: packages/integrations/lit/README.md

## Installation

> There's two ways to add integrations to your project. Let's try the most convenient option first!

Reviewer: Oh no, I'm going to be the pedant. 😬 

```suggestion
There are two ways to add integrations to your project. Let's try the most convenient option first!
```

Author: I'm... very disappointed in myself.
